hello ponytail and this will add
us a stone through which you can
teleport the same fireplaces were i
I don't seem to remember the secret room and in
hawker stones harry potter harry
potter and philosopher's stone
to make such to her to us
you will need a brick more
Nothing necessarily lighter now
take and build just such a scheme
we do like this we do like this
here
so here so here and here
so here it is so here it is removed
Means to successfully make the fireplace namaz
make a plan a torch and then attach
sign and write any then
ignite it all and throw there well what
use the magic dust of the whole movie
we can go and teleport where
again we want to craft from themselves
ingredients dropped to
And this magic dust she is crafting with us
from pearl
endor and 1 1 gunpowder and we will
how many 1 I would personally like three at once
dust well profitable take on
magic then clothe tablets tablets
like with she from the usual nameplate and
out of the magic dust and it will come out 1 a
crafting
but such a torch is now something to him
everything
drank it looks like this he is so vision as
ordinary torch
shines probably also create let's see
didn't check the light yes he even also even
we fly the evidence because it is invented better
than the torch is now comparable in person
In principle, there are no differences
further the torch itself is crafted also
um and the magic dust from the wand will come out
at once it is four that is like a
craft ordinary yes ordinary torch only
there are places of magic dust we need
instead of coal we will need a magic
I have exhausted the dust here and
with you there was a tail all good luck to all bye